Each item is order for importance.

1. give each ai agent its own job and have modes based on resoning strength but keeping same model structure for 3 basci tiers(fast,balanced, advacned and pro deep think) tier(pro is paid )
        a. agent 1 will be inteprets user descriptions and returns strutured data and anwsers to addition questions
        b. agent 2 get user all inputs/strutured respose from 1st agent and return a metierls list in proper form
        c. agent 3 receives the project requirements and Model 2s plan. then review/audit and return polished list 
        d. agent 4  will be dedicated knower of all db collums/categories and build proper sql to get items
        e. agent 5 will be dedicated fallback in the case of exeptions or errors or timouts

TIER WORKFLOWS
Stage           Fast                 Balanced             Advanced             Pro Deep (paid)
Interpret       Gemini 3.5 Lite      Gemini 3.8 Low       Gemini 3.8 Medium    Gemini 3.8 High
Materials       Gemma 4              GPT-OSS-120B         GPT-OSS-120B         Gemini 3.8 High
Second planner  None                 None                 None                 GPT-OSS-120B
Audit           GLM-4.7 Flash        Nemotron Ultra       Nemotron Ultra       Nemotron Ultra
Final           None                 None                 Gemini 3.8 Medium    Gemini 3.8 High
Catalog search  GLM-4.7 Flash        GLM-4.7 Flash        GLM-4.7 Flash        GLM-4.7 Flash

2.Apply CSRF protection to account forms and rate limits to login/registration

3. have a Back up for improtant info in db 

4. we need to create a comprehinsive but not unresonable materials list for db

5.Admin product management: Admins can add, edit, and remove items from sale.

6. implement search & filtering functs for product page shopping/searching,inlcude filters for manufacture/supllier/ category/ect...

7. complete user dashboard/Account manager to view past/inprogess projects,user to edit info/delelte account. users attach progress pictures and notes to saved projects.

8 Password recovery system via email

9. implement checkout and related features such as accepting a list from the user dashboard when they add to cart or added to cart stright from ai response.

10.add payment options and billing saved in user profile/dashbaord 

11.email verification/send auto emails for promos/discout codes, or reminderd of in progress projetcs 

12.Metric/imperial selection: Users can choose 

13.Materials checklist — Track which items have been purchased and which are still needed ifor saved projects if they cant afford a all in one buy

14.  implment paid "pro" tier via monthly  subscription, the pro model will use the complex agent chain

15. on click create an account via google/apple/ect

16.auto-logout after x time.

17.reviews page / past project display

18. we need icon/ some display for category and sub categories of items such as lumber/fasteners/rebar..... use ai to generte logos or find on google images 

19. We can work with "crews" to rent out thier labor/hire, same for large constrution machinery and tools/ sell or rent them per project or on a monthly charge
20. add the feature that when a user hovers the curor over the image of a lare machinery or even a prodyct we should have the info diplayed